Update Localisation Guidelines (#3153)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/index.md

All stakeholders, including researchers, software engineers, project leaders and funding teams, are encouraged to use _The Turing Way_ to understand their roles and responsibility of reproducibility in data science.
You can inspect our resources on [GitHub](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way), contribute to the project as described in our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and re-use all materials ([see the License](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/main/LICENSE.md)).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Chapters have been written, reviewed and curated by members of research institutes and universities, government departments, and industry.
We are committed to creating a space where people with diverse expertise and lived experiences can share their knowledge with others to allow us all to use data science to improve the world.

```{admonition} Translation
:class: tip

> Call for translators! We’re looking for translators to help translate this space for everyone! Read more about our translation workflow and how you can contribute to it {ref}`here<ch-translation>`.

Reviewer 2: The second substitution (from "here" to in the "translation chapter") was to follow accessibility guidelines. I think it's more recommended to actually say what the link is about than to call it "here".

Chapters have been written, reviewed and curated by members of research institutes and universities, government departments, and industry.
We are committed to creating a space where people with diverse expertise and lived experiences can share their knowledge with others to allow us all to use data science to improve the world.

```{admonition} Translation
:class: tip

> Call for translators! We’re looking for translators to help translate this space for everyone! Read more about our translation workflow and how you can contribute to it [here](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/translation.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call for translators! We’re looking for translators to help translate this space for everyone! Read more about our translation workflow and how you can contribute to it {ref}`here<ch-translation>`.
```
